Umm...
Uhm..
Is the camera on?
Hmm, can you hear me?
Nice to meet you,
my name is Kizuna Ai!
Pleased to meet you!
"She doesn't look like normal youtuber,
you know?"
...to people who thought of that,
It's not far off
you know, I'm actually...
2-D!
Eh?
You're 3D so it's actually 3-D?
Hmm, well..
Take it that I'm virtual
Don't you think "virtual youtuber"
sounds really cool?
Because of that,
I'm a bit different than you viewers.
That's why
I'm really interested!
about you humans,
I want to know about you,
and get along with you!
With that in mind,
I started this Youtube Channel!
Since I want you all to enjoy
your time with me,
and doing livestreams,
or something futuristic like,
Virtual Reality!
I want to overcome challenges like that!
And,
maybe sometime,
I want to be in a commercial!
Doesn't famous youtuber
usually shows up in commercials?
I want to be famous like that!
If I can do that, I can connect to more of you viewers
As a personality it doesn't sounds wrong right?
I'll do what I can do,
if you want me to do something,
please make a request to me okay?
And, so as Ai Channel,
I wish for support from you all!
Virtual youtuber,
Kizuna Ai!
See you next time!